Update README with new documentation (#431)
sstur/react-rte: README.md

## Motivation

> In short, this is a 2022 approach to rich text editing built on modern, battle-hardened components and, importantly, we do not store document state in the DOM, eliminating entire classes of common "WYSIWYG" problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In short, this is a modern approach to rich text editing built on a battle-hardened open-source framework and, importantly, we do not store document state in the DOM, eliminating entire classes of common "WYSIWYG" problems.
```
